MALNUTRITION MODULE RELEASE NOTES

This module allows the clinician to register data on malnutrition inpatients. It has been developed initially for St.
Luke hospital in Wolisso, Ethiopia.

Starting from the Admission browser GUI, a patient can be searched by OPD code. Then, after clicking on the Data button,
the admission related to the malnutrition episode must be selected. Once an admission is selected and the Malnutrition
button is clicked, the malnutrition panel will open, even if the admission is not flagged as 'M'. This change was
made in order to avoid a mistake from the clerks admitting the patient to impede the work of Therapeutic Feeding Unit
(TFU) clerks.

The malnutrition window will provide by default two tabs, one to register admission data and one to register discharge
data. If an open admission is chosen, only the Admission tab will be available.

Notice that some of the data recorded in the MalnutritionVisit table duplicates data recorded elsewhere in the system
(for example patient data are duplicated). This was done in order to allow some supervisor to asses the quality of the
data inserted by the clerks at admission time.

Notice that some function available before, like inserting patient height and weight at patient registration time,
are momentarily disabled, since a malnutrition record is not an appropriate place to store such kind of data.

MALNUTRITIONCONTROL table is left in place for backward compatibility.

The class org.isf.malnutrition.utils.WhReference is there because it was an attempt to compute automatically th W/H
value starting from Weight and Height values. The computation is basically a ratio between patient weight and a
reference weight related to patient's weight (percent). To compute the W/H, nurses use a table from the government
the reports, in each row, the upper weight limit for each percent interval (corresponding to different degrees of
malnutrition). There is a row per each weight, starting from 49 ang going to 110 Kg with 0.5 steps. Unluckily, the
values reported in the government tables differs from the actual percent value (maybe they misprinted).
So basically I gave up the automatic computation.